Documentation: initial commit - CONTRIBUTING.md (#18)
club-40/odins-pantry: CONTRIBUTING.md

Reviewer: I might be being picky about this one, but I'd rather prefer if you linted it to not add a newline at 80 or so characters but let the auto-wrapping work, just like the TOP curriculum repository.

    This allows us to better coordinate our resources around your proposal and help you in crafting your contribution.

* Small features can be put together and directly submitted as a Pull Request.

## Submission Guidelines

### Submitting an Issue

Before you submit a new issue, please search the issue tracker, maybe an issue relating to your problem already exists,
and the discussion might inform you of fixes readily available.

We want to fix all the issues as soon as possible, but before fixing a bug we need to reproduce and confirm it. Please provide as much information as possible in your initial post and be on the lookout for a response asking for additional information.

### Submitting a Pull Request (PR)

Before you submit your Pull Request, follow these steps:

1. Search the repository for an open or closed PR that relates to your submission.
   You wouldn't want to duplicate existing efforts.
2. Be sure that an issue describes the problem you're fixing, or documents the design for the feature you're adding.
   Discussing the design upfront helps to ensure that we're ready to accept your work.

> 3. [Fork](https://github.com/Club-40/group-project-1 ) and then clone your fork.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. [Fork](https://github.com/Club-40/group-project-1) and then clone your fork.
```

4. In your cloned repository, make your changes in a new branch:

    ```shell
    git checkout -b my-branch master
    ```

5. Make your changes, including tests when appropriate. Please refer to [`test/README.md`](TODO ) for a guide.

> 6. Follow the current coding style as close as possible. Simply take a look at other files and stick to their styling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Follow the current coding style as closely as possible, in accordance to the provided style guidelines.
```

7. Commit your changes using a descriptive commit message following our [commit message conventions](TODO).

8. Push your branch to GitHub:

   ```shell
   git push origin my-branch
   ```

9. On GitHub, send a pull request to `TODO`.

#### Addressing review feedback

If we ask for changes via code reviews then:

1. Make the required updates to the code.

> 1. Push the new changes to your repository (this will update your Pull Request as well)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Push the new changes to your repository (this will update your Pull Request as well)
```

Reviewer 2: should be making a new branch and cloning the main branch instead of forking it.
Forking is mostly done for open source contributions where you are not a member of the organization ( teams )
unless you guys have a different idea that I am not aware of or this is for the general public.

   ```shell
   git push --force-with-lease
   ```

#### After your pull request is merged

After your PR is merged, you can safely delete your branch and pull the changes from the upstream repository.

## Commit Message Format

Formatting commit messages according to a specification makes it easier to read commit history.

Each commit message consists of a header, a body, and a footer:

```txt
<header>
<blank line>
<body>
<blank line>
<footer>
```

The `header` is mandatory and must conform to the commit header format.

The `body` is mandatory. The commit body structure describes how it should be used.

The `footer` is optional. The commit footer format describes what the footer is used for.

## Commit Message Header

```txt
<scope>: <short summary>
   |           |

>    |           └─> Summary in present tense. Not capitalized. No period at the end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   |           └─> Summary in the present tense. Not capitalized. No period at the end.
```

   |
   └─> Commit Scope: Where did this commit happen?
         e.g. docs, syntax, folding, keybinds, github, legal, ...
```

### Scope

The scope should be descriptive. If your commit contained multiple scopes, split them up appropriately and consider
individual pull requests should they not depend on each other.

### Summary

Use the summary field to provide a succinct description of the change:

* use the imperative, present tense: "change" not "changed" nor "changes"
* don't capitalize the first letter
* no dot (.) at the end

### Commit Message Body

Just as in the summary, use the imperative, present tense: "fix" not "fixed" nor "fixes".

Explain the motivation for the change in the commit message body.
This commit message should explain _why_ you are making the change.

> You can include a comparison of the previous behavior with the new behavior in order to illustrate the impact of the change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can include a comparison of the previous behavior with the new behavior to illustrate the impact of the change.
```

### Commit Message Footer

The footer can contain information about breaking changes (if any) and is also the place to reference GitHub issues
and other PRs that this commit closes or is related to, as well as Co-Authors:

```txt
BREAKING CHANGE: <breaking change summary>
<blank line>
<breaking change description + migrate instructions>
<blank line>
Fixes #<issue number>
<blank line>

> Co-authored-by: name <name@example.com>

Reviewer 3: If you pair with someone, it's nice to have them included this way. It looks like this: https://github.com/rubyforgood/casa/commit/541ba846b651bc69eec0454b9468b84ece91c8dc

> Co-authored-by: name <name@example.com>

Reviewer: Hmm, sure then.

# DRAFT Contributing Guidelines

Thank you for considering a contribution to the club-40 group project! To get you started, here are a few guidelines we would like you to follow:

* [Issues and Bugs](#issue)
* [Feature Requests](#feature)

> ## <a name="question"></a> Got a Question?

Reviewer 3: Does `<a name="">` do the same thing as `<a id="question" href="#"></a>`?

Not a blocker, just curious. Otherwise looks good to me.

Author: Yep. same functionality. I just tested it.

## <a name="submit"></a> Submission Guidelines

### <a name="submit-issue"></a> Submitting an Issue

Before you submit a new issue, please search the issue tracker, maybe an issue relating to your problem already exists,
and the discussion might inform you of fixes readily available.

We want to fix all the issues as soon as possible, but before fixing a bug we need to reproduce and confirm it. Please provide as much information as possible in your initial post and be on the lookout for a response asking for additional information.

You can file new issues by selecting from our
[new issue templates]( TODO ) and filling out the issue template.

### <a name="submit-pr"></a> Submitting a Pull Request (PR)

Before you submit your Pull Request, follow these steps:

1. Search [GitHub](TODO ) for an open or closed PR that relates to your submission.
   You wouldn't want to duplicate existing efforts.

1. Be sure that an issue describes the problem you're fixing, or documents the design for the feature you're adding.
   Discussing the design upfront helps to ensure that we're ready to accept your work.

1. [Fork](https://github.com/Club-40/group-project-1 ) and then clone your fork.

> 1. Load in the clone of your fork via the plugin loader of your choice.

Reviewer 4: I think you want to say `code editor` instead of `plugin loader`.

> 1. Load in the clone of your fork via the plugin loader of your choice.

Reviewer 4: Why plugin loader? I think you want to say code editor.

1. In your cloned repository, make your changes in a new branch:

    ```shell
    git checkout -b my-branch master
    ```

> 1. Make your changes, including tests when appropriate. Please refer to [`test/README.md`](TODO ) for a guide.

Reviewer 4: The list numbers need to be fixed (it repeats 1 for a couple of them)

Reviewer 3: I think Github Markdown should auto convert the `1.` in groups into a list, though I am not sure if it will in this case with the extra line breaks in between.

Reviewer 4: Good catch. It looks right in the preview too.

2. Follow the current coding style as close as possible. Simply take a look at other files and stick to their styling.

3. Commit your changes using a descriptive commit message following our [commit message conventions](#commit).

4. Push your branch to GitHub:

   ```shell
   git push origin my-branch
   ```

5. On GitHub, send a pull request to `TODO`.

#### Addressing review feedback

If we ask for changes via code reviews then:

1. Make the required updates to the code.

> 1. Push the new changes to your repository (this will update your Pull Request as well)

Reviewer 4: The list number should be changed from 1 to 2.
